cmd: document -c/--checkpoints for `run` and `stage add` (#2290)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/stage/add.md

- `--outs-persist-no-cache <path>` - the same as `-outs-persist` except that
  outputs are not tracked by DVC (same as with `-O` above).

> - `-c <path`, `--checkpoints <path` - declare output file or directory that will
>   be handled as an intermediate
>   [checkpoint](/doc/command-reference/exp/run#checkpoints) by `dvc exp run`.
>   Note that checkpoints are not supported by `dvc repro`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-c <path`, `--checkpoints <path>` - the same as `-o` but also marks the
  output as a [checkpoint](/doc/command-reference/exp/run#checkpoints).
  Implies `--no-exec`. This makes the stage incompatible with `dvc repro`.
```
